Y-- You're leaving the military?
There's a new unit that's shorthanded,
and the sense I got was that they would take whoever they could,
so I thought that even a novice like myself could be of help to them.
But your work in the military is worthwhile, too, isn't it?
Mm-mm.
I want to join the Special Fire Force and be someone who protects others.
"Episode 19: The Oze Family"
"Tokyo Imperial Armed Forces, Command Center"
General Oze, we've received a periodic report from the Special Fire Force.
Mm-hmm.
A periodic report...
...from the Special Fire Force, you say?
Hmm?
"Tokyo Imperial Armed Forces, Integrated Security Operations" "General Danro Oze"
Y-Yes, sir.
That was terrifying.
Hmm? Something the matter?
Oh, I was delivering the Special Fire Force's periodic report,
and General Oze was rather imposing.
Ah, that explains it.
His daughter sure was cute, huh?
She's stationed at Yokota Air Base, isn't she?
No, she's left the military.
I hear she went against General Oze's objections
and joined Special Fire Force Company 8.
"Oze Residence"
Was I always this beefy?
I'm home.
My, you're home early today.
I had the early shift, and my relief came in early, too.
I'll take your coat.
Thanks.
CID is no walk in the park.
"Tokyo Imperial Armed Forces, Criminal Investigation Division" "1st Lieutenant Takigi Oze"
The missus is getting dinner ready right now.
It's been some time since the whole family has gotten together, hasn't it?
Yeah, it sure has.
Wow, this looks so good!
Mom, this is quite a feast!
We're all eating together today, so... Danro-san!
Dad!
It's been a long time since we've eaten together, huh, Maki-chan?
Mom really went all-out. Do you think we can eat all this?
General Oze, the Empire's Nio Guardian,
is putty in the hands of his daughter when she's around.
Ahem! Takigi, I see you're home.
Being a general at home, too, would be exhausting.
Okay, dig in before it gets cold.
Delicious!
Mm-hmm, this is good, Mom.
Nothing is better than dinner with the whole family.
I'll bet the lieutenant is the only one who can rival Mom's cooking.
The lieutenant? Hinawa, wasn't it?
That's the man who lured you into that dangerous Fire Force job, right?
It's all right. I'm not as fragile as I was before.
Twin Cobras--
You've put on more weight again, haven't you?
No I haven't.
Let me see them again. They were as big around as my waist--
--That's not true at all! You can't just say whatever--
--Takigi, --That's not true at all! You can't just say whatever--
it's bad manners to point at someone with your fork.
He's right, though. Maki-chan, are you sure you aren't overdoing your training?
You're going to scare off any suitors.
You really are an awful brother!
Someday, a prince on a white horse will come along and fall in love with me!
Maki-chan may be macho on the outside,
but she still has a flower garden for a mind, and is adorable!
There's where she gets her dual personality.
It's bad manners to get so giddy while eating.
Oh, it's my girl.
You've weached Takigi! I'm having dinner with my famiwy wight now!
Now who's got the split personality?
--Takigi, your baby-talk is too much.
--Pleasant conversation is nice and all, --Takigi, your baby-talk is too much.
--Pleasant conversation is nice and all, --Who're you calling a baby?!
--Pleasant conversation is nice and all, --Maki-chan, you'll always be Daddy's baby.
--but let's observe some manners, okay? --Maki-chan, you'll always be Daddy's baby.
How can you talk to your girlfriend like that?
Hey, you jerks! Have some manners when you're eating!
"Tokyo Imperial Armed Forces, Integrated Security Operations" "General's wife, Madoka Oze"
Wow, this sure is good, huh?
--Yes. --This steak is the best.
"Maki of the past"
Hm-hm, Maki of the past...
Thanks.
Maki, you said you've been to the Nether before.
Mm-hmm.
This guy you're currently after?
Mm-hmm. There's an area where we've had a string of people going missing.
Now we're getting reports of strange smells coming from the Nether around there.
The Nether is scary.
I've heard that the 8th once had a large-scale engagement in the Nether.
Stories have made their way back to the military.
Those investigations are an unavoidable part of our duty as Fire Soldiers.
Are you all right?
The 8th is incredibly strong.
The captain and lieutenant are, of course,
but our rookies are also the cream of the crop,
and we have the finest engineer in the world with us, too.
We can access the Nether through here, right?
I never thought we'd get a search warrant.
I guess it shows how important things are to the Empire
in matters relating to the Evangelist.
You visited your home yesterday, right?
It's the first dinner we've had as a whole family in a long time.
Maki-chan came, too, right? Did she say anything about the Nether?
Yeah.
She said she never wanted to come here again.
For real?
Watch yourself.
It looks so deteriorated down here.
The reports said there were strange smells coming from the Nether.
There are a ton of underground facilities throughout the empire
left over from before the Cataclysm.
Whoa, I am actually in the Nether.
My late mother would turn over in her grave.
The source of the smell from the report was over that way.
There are so many turnoffs here. The place is like a maze.
If we're likely to get lost, we should turn back rather than be heroes.
I'm with you.
Hold up.
There are tracks in the dust, like something was dragged through here.
They're still fresh.
They keep on going that way.
"Equipment Room"
An equipment room.
In here?
I hear something.
What is all this?
What is that for?
Is this some kind of laboratory?
I don't know.
As I'm sure you know, the military has no intel at all about this.
Take a look at this.
An Insect?
I did some independent research on these, but I never expected to see one.
Apparently, the White-Clad use these Insects to artificially create Infernals.
Then this really is a White-Clad lab?
The odds are good.
Let's see if there's anything else here.
Yeah.
Who's there?!
There's someone back there. Stay sharp.
R-Right.
A charred body?
No, that's an Infernal.
What's going on here? Its core is still intact, but it's dead.
Come on out! We know you're in there!
--Bomb! --Get back!
O... ze...
Oze!
"Holy Sol Hospital"
Burns to the right arm, left arm fractured,
facial lacerations, and bruises from head to toe.
It will take three months before you're all healed,
but you're lucky to be alive at all.
You came through okay?
Just some scratches, thanks to you.
What's the status of the scene?
The blast from the suicide bomber blew just about everything up.
So those are the White-Clad.
If they'll even blow themselves up, they're more dangerous than I imagined.
This is the crowd that Maki-chan is taking on?
This man, Lieutenant Hinawa, recruited Maki to a fight like this?
I see.
So my son is all right.
But what the hell is down in the Nether?
All military organizations thus far
have been kept out of the loop when it comes to matters of the White-Clad.
However,
as defenders of the empire, we can't afford to be left out in the cold anymore!
Get me Honda, from Special Fire Force Company 2!
He must be getting tired of sitting around on this, too!
I'm giving the 2nd a mission to investigate the Nether!
Sil-burro, nice security work again today.
You're always at that, huh?
Sil-burro was a traumatized donkey
who sprouted bull's horns, thanks to Hinawa's wicked experiments.
Now that the benevolent Knight King has taken him in, he is happy.
Oh! Oh!
Wha--? You've gone and stuffed trash into Sil-burro's mouth again!
Confounded devil! You're so low you would abuse animals like that?!
Take it down! That thing is so ugly!
--And the trash thing wasn't me!
--They're fighting again. --And the trash thing wasn't me!
--They're fighting again. --You expect me to trust anything you say?!
--Here, Sil-burro-chan, it's feeding time. --My trash can is right there!
I told you it wasn't me!
--Hmph! Your deeds every day are evil! What do you expect?!
--Vulcan-san said that donkeys don't eat paper. --Hmph! Your deeds every day are evil! What do you expect?!
We're not supposed to feed it to goats, either.
Even though the black goat eats his mail?
It's like this every morning at the 8th, huh?
Everyone here's an idiot.
Hinawa...
A moment?
Take a look at this. It arrived this morning from the Imperial Armed Forces.
A mission to investigate testing facilities in the Nether...
Does this mean the military is going into the Nether?
Specifically, it's a joint operation between the 2nd and the 8th.
They've requested our assistance.
No doubt because we've had previous experience in the Nether.
Right. But the issue is what's written at the bottom of the page.
The crew members of the 8th belong to the Fire Defense Agency.
We can refuse a request from the military.
Hinawa, what should we do?
What is it, sir?
Okay. The Tokyo Imperial Armed Forces...
"...the return of Maki Oze..."
J-Just a minute, sir. This is...
...an order for you to return to the military.
But I'm no longer in the military; I'm a Fire Soldier!
Yes, exactly right. But this comes straight from your father, General Oze.
That has nothing to do with it. Obviously I'm staying with the 8th.
I understand your brother in CID was badly hurt investigating in the Nether.
It wasn't anything life-threatening, sir.
The actions of the White-Clad are getting more extreme by the day.
Your father is probably just worried about you.
I'm sure, but I'll be fine.
I'm proud of the Special Fire Force that the lieutenant recruited me for.
Isn't that right, sir?
Maki, go back to the military.
Huh?
A joint operation with the 8th?
I hear it's supposed to be a large-scale investigation of the Nether.
Hajiki-senpai!
We're going to uncover the White-Clad's testing facilities.
I sure hope Tamaki-san is coming, too.
--Hmm? --Oh, nothing!
I can't get this lid open!
Good morning.
What are you doing?
The lid on this jar tightens up in no time,
so I always had Maki-san open it for me.
Isn't a same-day return a little sudden?
Maki is the daughter of an Imperial Armed Forces general.
This is probably a way to ensure she doesn't join the mission--
Oh, sorry.
This is why I always asked Maki-san to do it. You're too strong.
So, when is Maki coming back?
--Maki-san... isn't ever coming back. --Nuh-uh.
M-Maki-san decided this on her own-- I'm not listening!
--Maki-san decided this on-- --Ah!
What is wrong with you? Are you a child?
I don't want-- No one wants to admit it...
"Tokyo Imperial Armed Forces, Secretarial Division"
11:00, huh?
Ordinarily, we'd finish our office work
and start training now.
Me, return to the military?
The White-Clad's activities are becoming more extreme.
This is no mission for Daddy's precious girl.
Very well, sir.
The lieutenant still thinks I'm not up to the task.
Secretary Oze, I am Captain Hiraoka! Thank you for working so hard!
Good morning, Captain Hiraoka.
Ugh, they're treating me with kid gloves.
Wasn't that General Oze's...?
Yeah. Isn't she adorable?
Our Nio Guardian has fathered a celestial maiden.
Good morning.
Did you have this morning off?
Well, we have so little to do. Nice, relaxed workplace, isn't it?
We're surrounded by our choice of the military's elite, and the pay is great.
This is peak princess's privilege.
Yes it is.
We both grew up always being told how cute we were by everyone around us,
coddled and loved, which is why we're so much more agreeable than others.
Plus we're thoughtful,
making us the perfect people to place in the elite's showcase, right?
Welcome to the stereotype, where we actually do type.
Go back to the military.
What's that? Your insignia from the 8th?
Oh, this? Y-Yes it is. It was a going-away present.
Good morning, Maki-chan.
G-General Oze? Huh? "Maki-chan"?
General Oze, the Nio Guardian of the Empire, calls his daughter Maki-chan?
I'll just step out for a bit, okay?
Thank you.
I'm glad you've come back.
I just returned to where I should be.
Gotta keep your bird in her cage.
Maki-chan, you're upset at me.
You promised me you would be keeping people safe,
but committing yourself to dangerous battles wasn't part of the agreement.
But I know you aren't the kind of girl who breaks her promises.
You were tricked by Lieutenant Hinawa at the 8th, weren't you?
Whatever the case, it's a relief having you back here.
We'll talk about it when there's more time.
Dad isn't at fault here. He was just worried about me.
The same goes for Lieutenant Hinawa.
I'm the disappointment for always being so unacceptable.
I was trying so hard, too. They're both so demanding.
Training isn't something you work hard to get through.
You need to get through it with ease.
Yeah, demanding, all right.
Maybe I'm driving myself too hard.
Even birds in their cages have concerns.
The rest of the world wouldn't understand.
"Special Fire Force Company 2, Captain" "Gustav Honda"
I'm training my head and neck.
Don't mind me, please begin.
All right, the things to be mindful of on this mission are--
Mm-hmm, continue.
There are many facilities in Tokyo's Nether,
but most of them collapsed during the Great Cataclysm,
were buried under rubble, and are inaccessible without digging them out.
As such, we are looking for a location that can be easily reached,
and does not require excavation.
This narrows down the points we need to search.
These locations were proposed by Lieutenant Oze, of CID.
Mm-hmm.
If we investigate each one in turn, we run the risk of tipping the enemy off.
We believe the best plan is to begin searching each area in unison.
In that case, we will deploy multiple companies at once.
I'm Lieutenant Ayabe.
In that case, since the 8th has experience in the Nether,
we should have you split up and place someone in each company.
All right then, please have each company investigate these points simultaneously.
Mm-hmm!
Attention, Special Fire Force Company 2!
This is an order to all units!
Tomorrow morning at 0800, we begin Operation Nether Investigation!
Those of us from the 8th
will be mobilizing separately with companies from the 2nd?
Mm-hmm. This will be our first mission without Maki.
Let's all keep on our toes!
--Yes, sir! --Yes, sir!
"2nd-8th joint mission, Operation Nether Lab Investigation" "Begins"
"Fire Force, Season 2"
"Next time"
Both of you, stay behind me.
Next time on Fire Force, Season 2, episode 20, "Weapons of Destruction."
"Episode 20: Weapons of Destruction"
Return to the great flame of fire. Látom.
>>>>oakislandtk<<<<< www.opensubtitles.org